pd, tidb: fix note for `tidb_backoff_weight` and `pd-server-timeout` (#21333)
pingcap/docs: tidb-configuration-file.md

+ The address at which the reporter sends spans to the jaeger-agent.
+ Default value: `""`

## pd-client

### `pd-server-timeout`

> + The timeout (in seconds) for TiDB to send requests to PD nodes via the PD client.
> + Default value: 3

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ The timeout for TiDB to send requests to PD nodes via the PD client.
+ Default value: 3
+ Unit: second
```
